#/bin/bash

./unittest1 &> unittestresults.out
./unittest2 &>> unittestresults.out
./unittest3 &>> unittestresults.out
./unittest4 &>> unittestresults.out
./cardtest1 &>> unittestresults.out
./cardtest2 &>> unittestresults.out
./cardtest3 &>> unittestresults.out
./cardtest4 &>> unittestresults.out
gcov -b unittest1.c >> unittestresults.out
cat unittest1.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b unittest2.c >> unittestresults.out
cat unittest2.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b unittest3.c >> unittestresults.out
cat unittest3.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b unittest4.c >> unittestresults.out
cat unittest4.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b cardtest1.c >> unittestresults.out
cat cardtest1.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b cardtest2.c >> unittestresults.out
cat cardtest2.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b cardtest3.c >> unittestresults.out
cat cardtest3.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b cardtest4.c >> unittestresults.out
cat cardtest4.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
gcov -b dominion.c >> unittestresults.out
cat dominion.c.gcov >> unittestresults.out
